Dear {Name of hiring manager},

I am excited to apply for the Web Developer role open at {Company Name.} I have more than 10 years of experience in web development, and my proficiency in JavaScript and HTML/CSS in particular, align with the responsibilities highlighted in the advertised role.

In my role as Lead Web Developer at {previous or current employer/client name}, I headed the team in charge of overhauling the company website. I was able to create a faster, more modern, and responsive web experience keeping real users in mind. This resulted in a 35% reduction in the bounce rate and a 25% increase in conversion rates. I believe my hands-on experience and skills will prove relevant for your upcoming rebrand and subsequent website changes.

I am very interested in discussing your Web Developer role in more detail. I am available for an interview at your earliest convenience. Thank you for your time and consideration.

Sincerely,

{Your Name}



"Hi I see you're looking for a developer proficient in React.js to complete an existing project"




Hello,

If you need high-quality articles written for your website at an affordable price, I am the right writer for you! My goal with every content piece is to lead your website’s visitors along their buyer’s journey—hopefully ending with a purchase on your website.

As you can see in my Upwork profile, I have three years of experience writing content for websites just like yours. You can even find some of my published work on Inc.com, Marketwatch.com, and Hubspot.com. Linked below are two writing samples that demonstrate my ability to craft excellent blog content for B2B e-commerce websites.

- Example Website Article #1

- Example Website Article #2

My current turnaround time for 1,000-word articles is two days. If my work aligns with what you need, can we set up a time to discuss your goals for this project?

Best regards,







Jessica Doe




Hello Nicki,

I’m a detail-driven writer who turns ideas into valuable website content for clients just like you. I enjoy writing for various topics and niches (business, lifestyle, travel, personal blogs, etc.). You can find examples of my past writing work on my Upwork profile, plus (insert link here) and (insert link here).

My experience has given me a deep understanding of SEO writing and strong digital marketing strategies to help drive traffic to your site. I excel in writing all types of content such as blogs, press releases, product descriptions, and more.

My rate is $50 for projects like this one, and I can have a finished piece of writing delivered to you this week if you’re interested. Let’s talk!

– Anna G.




Hello

I am excited to apply for the Web Developer role for an Educational Website I have more than 2.5 years of experience in web development, and my proficiency in JavaScript and HTML/CSS/React.js/Bootstrap in particular, align with the responsibilities highlighted in the advertised role.

I am able to create a faster, more modern, and responsive web experience keeping real users in mind. 

I am very interested in discussing your Web Developer role in more detail. I am available for an interview at your earliest convenience. Thank you for your time and consideration.

Linked below are three samples that demonstrate my ability to develop websites.

https://personal-portfolio-d10ea.web.app

https://clone-5e97a.web.app

https://netflix-clone-2aabe.web.app

Sincerely,

Avinash Kumar



